{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;\red38\green38\blue38;\red251\green0\blue7;
\red154\green154\blue154;\red4\green37\blue83;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh7820\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}User Stories\
\pard\tx946\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 \uc0\u10003  \cf2 The user wants to know where she can go using the T. \cf4 (Essential)\cf2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 \uc0\u10003  \cf2 The user wants to know the current location of all trains. \cf4 (Essential)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The user wants to know when the next trains get to stop A. \cf4 (Essential)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The user wants to know her options for getting from stop A to stop B. \cf4 (Essential)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The user wants to know her options for getting to an ordered list of stops. \cf4 (Desirable)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The user wants to know her options for getting to an unordered list of stops. \cf4 (Optional)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}The user wants to know her options for getting to an unordered list of stops with specified starting and/or ending points. \cf4 (Optional)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}For any trip on the T, the user wants the option to specify departure and/or arrival times. \cf4 (Desirable)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}For any trip on the T, the user wants to know the fastest route, the earliest departure, the earliest arrival, and fewest transfers. \cf4 (Desirable)\cf2 \
{\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 \uc0\u10003  \cf2 The client wants to test the system with old data. \cf4 (Essential)\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}Constraints\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf5 {\listtext	\'95	}The system should be based on live data from the MBTA ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mbta.com/uploadedfiles/Description.pdf"}}{\fldrslt \ul \ulc6 http://www.mbta.com/uploadedfiles/Description.pdf}}).\
{\listtext	\'95	}The only information the system should access online is MBTA data.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The system should be written in Java and run on CCIS Linux machines with only their standard software and JSON library in the course directory.\
{\listtext	\'95	}The system should accept test data from file input.\cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}User Interface\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}\cf3 \uc0\u10003  \cf2 The system should include a user-friendly GUI. \cf4 (Optional)}